{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 ADITI SANGAL\
12/24/2015\
\
a. Filtered down complain type to air quality\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 b. filtered descriptor to \'93contains\'93 \'93construction\'94\
c. Downloaded this filtered data in a csv file for excel\
d. Opened data in a new excel file and ensured fields were delimited by commas and all dates were specified data format and all columns with numbers as text.\
e. The excel file newly created now has 7794 rows and 53 columns\
f. New excel file was named filtered data\
g. A pivot table was created for the data available\
h. In the Pivot Table builder, I first used the report filter to just get results from the manhattan borough. \
i. Then I used the incident zip section under row labels and unique keys under the values to get a count of cases reported in every zip code.\
j. I then copied the table and used the paste special feature to be able to sort the data in the pivot table in an descending order.\
k. On sorting the copied data in a descending order, I found out that the zip code 10025 has the most number of 311 complaints (171 complaints) of air quality due to construction problems.\
l. So then, I used the pivot table builder again and I moved the incident zip from rows label to report filter. Then I chose 10025 as the zip code that I want to be working with.\
m. Then under row labels, I first put incident address and under that I put date created. The unique key remained in the values section to give me a count of how many complaints were registered with 311 from which address on what dates.\
n. This gave me a sorted pivot table where each incident address was a category that listed the number of complaints made from that address from 2010 to 2015.\
o. Going through the data, I noticed that there have been 7 calls made to 311 from 784 Columbus Avenue since February 22, 2014 to July 20, 2015.\
\
\
They seemed to have been closed but I wish to inquire what construction/demolition work was being done . Were there multiple projects? OR these problems all came from the same construction/demolition work? If multiple, then has the problem been fixed or can it open up again? If it was one, did it need to go on for that long? Were all standards being maintained? Why were there air quality problems if the standards were being maintained? Was the air quality really affected? What are the stats, facts and figures for that?}